Hamas is
warning it will execute the hostages
it kidnapped over the weekend
if Israel continues to retaliate in Gaza.
I want to bring in shelly shem tov.
Hamas kidnaped her 21 year old son, Omer
from the supernova
Music festival on Saturday.
They kidnaped him and took him to Gaza.
Shelly,
when did you last year from your son?
A I heard from my son
on a Saturday morning at 8:00
when he was he called us that he is in
he was in panic and he told us that
they are shooting guns and
big mess there.
And he tried to escape
with the friends car
and
my daughter told him to
to send
a Google Live or
and and he sent us
the Israel that they give your life
and then we
so he told us I will talk with you.
I will talk with you.
And then we saw in the Google live map
that he is going to
to near the border.
And then we saw that he's moving into
Gaza.
And it was the last
time that we contacted him.
Do you do you know anything
about his condition right now?
Has has Hamas
or the IDF or the Israeli government?
Has there been any communication?
Yeah,
I don't know what is what his condition.
I know on the air on Saturday night,
we got a telegram video that almost
he was lying down in the back
of a pickup truck and handcuffed.
And this is the video that.
So I so that so that he's alive
and he looks and that is he's okay.
He didn't get hurt.
And so I know he's alive.
But from that video
until now, I don't know Nothing.
Nothing.
What message would you want
to convey to the kidnapers?
The people that have him right now?
What do you want to tell them?
If they're watching right now,
I just want my
my baby, my my son back.
And I want it to end.
And I want to say
to everybody that I'm in nightmare
and I'm it's a nightmare that that is
few days left, that I don't know
what to do and how to help my son.
I cannot tell him.
And
the things that I think that I want
is only that he will come back
and
that's it.
That's it.
Shelly Shem Tov.
We will be thinking
and praying for your son.
Thank you so much for telling your story.
Please stay in touch with us
so that we can continue
to stay on top of your son's story.
Thank you.